Backport install/examples for AMQ Streams 2.0 (#305)
jboss-container-images/amqstreams-1-openshift-image: examples/security/keycloak-authorization/README.md

- the corresponding `oauth` authentication
The folder also contains a Keycloak realm export to import into your Keycloak instance to support the example.

> Full instructions for the example are available in the [Strimzi Documentation](https://strimzi.io/docs/operators/0.26.0/using.html#con-oauth-authorization-keycloak-example).

Reviewer: I guess this could point to some downstream docs?

Reviewer 2: [AMQ Streams on OpenShift documentation](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_amq_streams/2.0/html-single/using_amq_streams_on_openshift/index?lb_target=stage#proc-oauth-authorization-keycloak-example_str)

> Full instructions for the example are available in the [Strimzi Documentation](https://strimzi.io/docs/operators/0.26.0/using.html#con-oauth-authorization-keycloak-example).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Full instructions for the example are available in the [Strimzi Documentation](https://strimzi.io/docs/operators/in-development/using.html#proc-oauth-authorization-keycloak-example_str).
```

* [kafka-authz-realm.json](./kafka-authz-realm.json)
    * The Keycloak realm export file
* [kafka-ephemeral-oauth-single-keycloak-authz.yaml](./kafka-ephemeral-oauth-single-keycloak-authz.yaml)
    * The Kafka CR that defines a single-node Kafka cluster with `oauth` authentication and `keycloak` authorization,

>     using the `kafka-authz` realm. See [full example instructions](https://strimzi.io/docs/operators/0.26.0/using.html#con-oauth-authorization-keycloak-example) for proper preparation and deployment.

Reviewer: I guess this could point to some downstream docs?

Reviewer 2: `[AMQ Streams on OpenShift documentation](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_amq_streams/2.0/html/using_amq_streams_on_openshift#proc-oauth-authorization-keycloak-example_str)`

>     using the `kafka-authz` realm. See [full example instructions](https://strimzi.io/docs/operators/0.26.0/using.html#con-oauth-authorization-keycloak-example) for proper preparation and deployment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    using the `kafka-authz` realm. See [full example instructions](https://strimzi.io/docs/operators/0.26.0/using.html#proc-oauth-authorization-keycloak-example_str) for proper preparation and deployment.
```
